Add flag to specify gcp control plane sa (#835)
giantswarm/kubectl-gs: CHANGELOG.md

## [Unreleased]

### Added

> - Add flags `--gcp-control-plane-sa-email` and `--gcp-control-plane-sa-scopes` to `template cluster` that specify a GCP Service Account and it's scopes to a cluster's control plane nodes

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Add flags `--gcp-control-plane-sa-email` and `--gcp-control-plane-sa-scopes` to `template cluster` that specify a Google Cloud Platform service account and its scopes to a cluster's control plane nodes
```
